# UE_CCNN_RNN
Modeling urban expansion by integrating a convolutional neural network and a recurrent neural network

Abstract: Simulating urban expansion (UE) accurately is fundamental for projecting ecological and environmental impacts of future UE, for optimizing the urban landscape patterns, and for improving urban sustainability. We proposed a new UE model by integrating a convolutional neural network (i.e., U-Net) and a recurrent neural network (i.e., long short-term memory, LSTM), and applied it in the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei urban agglomeration (BTHUA). The results yielded a high overall accuracy (99.18%), a Kappa coefficient of 0.88 and a figure of merit of 0.13, which are greater than those of existing models. Such improvements are attributed to the multiscale neighborhood information powered by U-Net and the time series information of historical urban expansion uncovered by LSTM. The urban land in the BTHUA is projected to peak at 8,736-9,155 km2 during the period 2039-2043, which is an increase in the range of 10.99%-16.31% compared with that in 2020. The results are useful for supporting urban planning in the BTHUA, while the proposed UE model has the potential to be employed worldwide.
Keywords: urban expansion simulation, cellular automata, machine learning, deep learning, scenario analysis, shared socioeconomic pathways

Pan, X., Liu, Z., He, C., & Huang, Q. (2022). Modeling urban expansion by integrating a convolutional neural network and a recurrent neural network. International Journal of Applied Earth Observation and Geoinformation, 112, 102977.
